Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to speak about the workbook deactivate event.
So the workbook deactivate event triggers whatever code you write in it whenever you
deactivate the workbook and go to another workbook,
Actually,
not to another application.
OK,
so it doesn't work If you deactivate,
excel and go to Microsoft Ward,
for example,
it works when you deactivate this excel workbook that has this particular event and go to
another Excel workbook so you can get it.
Of course,
by opening your VB a editor double clicking on this workbook here and selecting from this
menu selecting workbook and from this menu here,
you're gonna see select D activates.
Okay,
so I'm gonna to lead the workbook open,
and it's very simple.
It works whenever you deactivate your workbook.
OK,
so I'm just gonna have a message Box says looking forward to seeing you again.
So I'm gonna press control on N on my keyboard to open in your workbook.
And actually,
you know,
the moment I opened in your workbook,
the message box bumped up.
So I'm just gonna go back to my workbook again here and go to the new workbook that I had
open and you can see here Message box popped up.
Whatever code you put in there or whatever could we put in?
The event has been executed.
Okay,
guys.
So let's say for the workbook deactivate event,
it's very simple.
Just runs any code that you write in it whenever you deactivate the workbook that you've
written the event for and activate another Excel workbook.
OK,
just very mind that it runs when you activate another excel workbook,
not another application.
So be free to use your imagination and use that if an AnnTaylor to whatever application you
would like to use it for basically.
Okay,
So Ah,
thanks very much for watching this video guys on.
I'll see you on the next one.